ALZ Zero Trust hub and spoke (#1270)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/Deploying-ALZ-ZTNetwork.md

## Azure landing zone portal accelerator deployment with Zero Trust network principles

This section describes how to deploy the Azure landing zone portal accelerator with a jump start on Zero Trust Networking Principles for Azure landing zones. For more information on Zero Trust security model and principles visit [Embrace proactive security with Zero Trust](/security/business/zero-trust). Let's review the [Zero Trust aligned networking](/security/zero-trust/deploy/networks) configurations in the [Azure landing zone portal accelerator](/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/ready/landing-zone/#azure-landing-zone-portal-accelerator).

> 

Reviewer: Do we need to add a note here saying that the steps below are not a complete end-to-end experience of walking through the portal, just for clarity to prevent issues being raised for something we didnt intend to create?

Author: Great call out Jack. I've updated to make it clear we are focusing on zero trust networking and that there are additional guides in the navigation on the right.

## Protect the Identity subscription

On the "Identity" section, ensure the default (Yes) is selected on "Prevent inbound RDP from internet" and "Ensure subnets are associated with NSG".

![Zero Trust protect the identity subscription](./media/zt3.png)

Here we are enforcing network protection on resources in the identity subscription (like domain controllers) and what protocols can reach them with Network Security Groups. The current deployment enforces NSGs, but does not have explicit allows, which would be managed post-deployment.

## Secure Application landing zones

On the "landing zones configuration" section ensure the default (Yes) is selected on:

"Enable DDoS Network Protection"

"Prevent usage of Public Endpoints for Azure PaaS services in the corp connected landing zones"

![Zero Trust enable secure application landing zones](./media/zt4.png)

"Ensure subnets are associated with NSG"

"Prevent inbound RDP from internet"

![Zero Trust enable secure application landing zones](./media/zt5.png)

"Ensure secure connections (HTTPS) to storage accounts"

![Zero Trust enable secure application landing zones](./media/zt6.png)

> These configurations ensure that the spokes of our network hosting applications create service boundaries and protect them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These configurations ensure that the spokes in your topology that are hosting applications start following zero trust networking principles and practices to enhance and improve their security posture.
```
